This wine is strong but not strong
Soft and long
What wine does this taste like?
So
Such a precious antique red sandalwood box
It's just a wine container
Is this
Ye Feng, don't think you can get a imitation and pack some wine.
You can get away with it
True or False
You know it.
If it is fake
How could the old man be fascinated for so long?
Ah!
That's because your imitations are too realistic.
I just took a few more glances.
Really?
Old Madam, do you think I have no connections?
No background
Even if you occasionally get a genuine one or two
Can't compete with officials
Old Taijun
You really thought about it
If it weren't for the upper joint, which is invisible
Broke my wine
What a pity he is, my bottle of wine
What a poor, sharp mouth
What about the wooden box of antique rosewood?
It's such a small bottle of wine
Do you think this is a rural feast?
Just hit two taels of loose wine and recharge it.
I'm afraid you've never drunk Maotai wine before.
I don't even know your wine
Nothing compares to the custom wine on this table
Ye Feng
I advise you before you brag next time
Check the information online first
draft
So as not to be found out
ridicule
This is the first time I've seen you.
I am afraid that custom Sendai will be compared with glory Sendai.
Poor people talk big.
I really take this mouthful of horse urine as a good thing
As long as you get out
What if I go to the official's house to accompany you for a truck?
What kind of wine do you say this is?
This is Glory Sendai